1. Try to come up with a structure (text, buttons, drop down menu)
2. Javascript game description.
   a) Using this HTML Javascript page, add a javascipt game that gives 
    the user a textbox to type words that are prompted by the game 
    and when the user hits return their accuracy score is shown and 
    the user is given the next word. For now, set 10 words in the array 
    in the javascipt later we will use a database.  
   b) If a person gets more than 70 percent, move to level two where we play
   the same game where instead we have an array of small sentences
   c) Cut back the two arrays to only 3 words and 3 sentences for testing. 
   d) Add start level two button 
   e) show the accuracy for both levels 
      individually
   f) For the first level, capitalization is not important but for level two
      it is for the matching.
   g) BUG: it should clear your score once you click "restart game"
   h) For testing, put checkboxes that when checked the user has completed those
      levels with 100 percent accuracy. We do not want to have to test the lower
      levels as we test the higher levels.
   i) For level 3, we want to have some kind of javascript animation that 
      takes the array of words (3) and one by one they move across the screen
      slowly and the user has to type them in the box. The word will keep looping
      until the user types something in the box.
   j) BUG 1: When we check level 2 checkbox, it should give us the option to start  
      level 3 and level 2 has a 100 percent accuracy. 
      BUG 2: The word that is moving is hidden behind the text box, it should  
      be visible 
      BUG 3: The textbox should be cleared from the input from previous games
      BUG 4: Dsiplay level 3 accuracy score along with level 1 and 2 at the end
      the game for level 3.
   k) BUG 5: each level should tell me what level I am on.
      BUG 6: I could see the words for game 3, but they were not moving.
   l) the checkboxes are not working, remove them, and check the game to ensure 
      that there are no issues
   m) Create a box between the text that says "type the words as fast and accurately 
      as you can" and the text box that you type the words in. Only show this box
      in level 3, and have the word scrolling in the box for the user to type   
      into the text box.
   n) BUG: The words should not appear randomly, instead it should appear 
      randomly in its position in the box.
   o) BUG: Even when I type the correct word in game 3, it is not moving onto to the next 
      word in the array.
   p) BUG 1: It is no longer displaying the final score for level 3 at the end of 
      the level.
      BUG 2: Each time in level 3, make sure that the current word is at a new
      position even if it is repeated. Try to have it so that no two consecutive 
      words are starting in the same position.
   q) BUG: 
